Equipment
Mark Forged Mark II
3D printer
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
User Manual
Risk Assessment
Introduction
The Markforged Mark 2 3D printer:
Prints proprietary carbon fibre filled nylon (called ONYX)
Patented second nozzle system can deposit additional fibre between layers
Other plastics and fibres possible, but not in scope of the current training:
Ultem
Fibreglass
Kevlar
The prints are more expensive than prints in PLA/ABS on the Ultimaker, but they promise much higher physical properties. Think of being able to replace aluminium parts with these prints.
eiger.io
Slicing and fibre placement uses cloud hosted software
All Makespace users of the Mark 2 are part of a single eiger.io organisation
Privacy -- The following is accessible to all members of this organisation:
e-mail address (feel free to use a dedicated address just for eiger.io)
Parts including STL download
Print history
Eiger.io only runs in Chrome browser
Get Trained!
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed. 
Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training

Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  3dprinters-owners@makespace.org
The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Lastly please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.
Optional: External Materials
The materials below are not specifically approved by Makespace, but may be useful.
VIDEO - Introduction to Eiger software
Choosing how and where fibre is added to your prints is key to making strong parts but as fibre is more expensive than plastic you will want to only add fibre where it is required:
BLOG POST - Four methods for routing continuously reinforced fiber with Markforged
Prints can be paused at certain points so that you can add captive hardware such as nuts or magnets:
VIDEO - Inserting Internal Components with Markforged Composite 3D Printing
VIDEO - Increasing the Z-axis strength of parts
CompositesDesignGuide 
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT