Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Agreement
Agreement
All Makespace members are required to sign the Membership Agreement including Terms and Conditions.
Membership Terms and Conditions
Makespace Cambridge Limited (“Makespace”) is a non-profit company limited by guarantee.
Makespace aims to provide a series of workshops, classrooms containing various pieces of equipment which are available for use by registered members (“Members”) and, as appropriate, other visitors from time to time, for their own benefit.
Makespace also envisages that Members will be able to share their own knowledge and expertise with other members by way of assistance within the workshops or classroom, or by posting information on the Makespace wiki site.
All Members and non-members using the facilities or Makespace’s website are bound by these membership terms and conditions and must also abide by the Membership Rules as appropriate.
Please read these terms carefully. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions then you should not continue to use any of the facilities offered by Makespace, including but not limited to the workshops, classrooms or equipment.
Any continued use of the facilities or the Website shall be deemed to be acceptance of these terms and conditions, together with any other documents referred to in them.
1. Joining as a Member
1.1 Membership entitles an individual to enter and use certain facilities provided by Makespace subject to the conditions of their chosen membership category, tariff rates and availability. Please note prices are liable to change from time to time.
1.2 Members must be at least 18-years-old.
1.3 Children and other non-members are welcome to accompany Members as guests (“Guests”) or attend events as a public visitor (“Visitor”) and are bound by the appropriate parts of these terms and conditions.
1.4 Makespace reserves the right to reject any application or renewal of membership without ascribing any reason for doing so.
1.5 Makespace reserves the right to terminate membership for breach of these terms or the Membership Rules, or for conduct which, in Makespace’s sole opinion, is damaging to the character or interests of Makespace or the workshops, or is offensive to other Members or staff.
1.6 Membership is subject to a minimum membership period of three (3) months. Upon expiry of this minimum period, your membership will automatically continue for further one month periods at the appropriate rate until you cancel or amend your membership.
1.7 After registration, new Members must attend the office at a specified time, where they will be required to undergo a short induction conducted by a Director, or other individual authorised by the Directors, prior to use of the facilities and prior to receiving their access token for the door entry system.
2. Members
2.1 Membership will only be available to Members who have successfully completed the appropriate advanced training course delivered by a trainer authorised by the Directors.
2.2 Members will have access to the basic facilities plus the secure workshop.  Members may conduct and attend public events.
2.3 Members will have their access token coded appropriately.
3. Guests and Visitors
3.1 Members are welcome to introduce Guests to the facilities. Each Guest must be accompanied by a Member. The relevant Member must ensure that their Guest is fully aware of these terms and conditions and the Membership Rules. Members are responsible for the behaviour of all Guests they introduce to the facilities.
3.2 Members must ensure that their Guest signs in on arrival and signs out on leaving the facilities.
3.3 Guests may be restricted in what areas of the facilities they can access or what equipment they can use. Guests may be required to sign a disclaimer form to enter or use some parts of the facilities.
3.4 Guests who frequently visit Makespace may be asked to consider becoming a Member.
3.5 Visitors may wish to enter and use the facilities including the classrooms, whilst events are held. Visitors may be restricted to entering the facilities reserved for the specific event together with the certain supplemental facilities (such as toilets).
3.6 Makespace reserves the right to limit attendance at such classes or events as required from time to time.
3.7 Members who are organising events must ensure that all Visitors to their events are fully aware of these terms and conditions and the Membership Rules. Members are responsible for the behaviour of all Visitors they introduce to the facilities. Visitors may be restricted in what areas of the facilities they can access or what equipment they can use. Visitors may be required to sign a disclaimer form to enter or use some parts of the facilities.
3.8 If required to do so by posted notice in the space, Members must ensure that their Visitors sign in on arrival and sign out on leaving the facilities or must accompany Visitors at all times.
3.9 Makespace reserves the right to deny entry to the facilities to any potential Visitor or Guest without ascribing any reason for doing so.
4. Member’s Access
4.1 Every Member will receive an access token which must be used on every visit to gain access to the facilities.
4.2 Members must have their access token on them at all times whilst within the facilities. Members must not let anyone else use their access token. Loss or theft of an access token must be notified to management@makespace.org as soon as possible.
4.3 Members applying for a replacement access token may be subject to an administration fee.
4.4 Members have access to the facilities 24/7 with their access token. Some activities may be restricted during periods (for example, red equipement in the secured workshop when working alone)
Makespace may at any time withdraw all or any part of the facilities for any period or periods where and when it may be deemed necessary for repair, maintenance, alteration or for safety reasons or alternative use. For the avoidance of doubt, Makespace reserves the right to restrict access to facilities in connection with classes and other events. Makespace will provide Members with notice of any planned events or pre-arranged classes.
5. Equipment
5.1 All Members and supervised Guests and Visitors will be permitted to use the equipment within the main workshop and the secure workshop. Red equipment may only be used after a specified training or induction programme has been completed satisfactorarily, and is therefore unavailable to Guests.
5.2 Members will also have access to materials including solder or other items as determined by Makespace Cambridge Limited, (the “Stock”) within the workshops. Before using any Stock, Members must pay the relevant amount to the workshop manager or as directed from time to time. Makespace will endeavour to provide a regular supply of Stock, but cannot guarantee the availability of any item of Stock at any time.
5.3 Members must wear appropriate safety wear when using the equipment. Specific requirements for each piece of equipment are listed at the equipment or in other posted documentation in the space and/or online and must be followed at all times.
5.4 At peak times Makespace reserves the right to limit use of particular equipment or the workshop facilities at their sole discretion.
6. Fees
6.1 Membership fees are paid by Members by way of monthly installments due each month on the day corresponding to the original subscription date.
6.2 Membership fees may be varied at Makespace’s discretion and Members will be given at least one (1) month’s notice of any fee change.
6.3 Visitors, Guests and Members may be required to pay an entrance fee in order to attend certain classes or events.
7. Storage, lockers and personal belongings
7.1 Storage boxes may be provided for Members’, Visitors’ and Guests’ convenience.
7.2 Any personal property placed in storage or brought into the facilities is done so at the Member’s, Visitor’s or Guest’s risk. Makespace will not be liable for any damage or loss to property.
7.3 Any personal property left at Makespace must be correctly labelled with name and date, and stored at the appropriate place.
8. Website and Wiki
8.1 Members and Guests and Visitors using Makespace Website facilities and/or the Wiki must abide by the Website and Wiki Terms and Conditions.
9. Liability
9.1 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall limit or exclude the liability of Makespace (including their employees), for death or personal injury resulting from negligence, fraud, or fraudulent misrepresentation.
9.2  Subject to clause 9.1, Makespace shall not, in any circumstances, be liable to Members or Visitors or Guests for any loss of income; loss of business; business interruption, loss of information; loss of opportunity, goodwill or reputation; loss of, damage to or corruption of data; or any indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising.
9.3 Subject to clauses 9.1 and 9.2, Makespace’s maximum aggregate liability for damages under or in connection with use of the facilities, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, shall, in all circumstances, be limited to the equivalent of one monthly membership payment paid by the relevant Member to Makespace.
9.4 Makespace’s liability for damage or loss to Members’ or Guests’ or Visitors’ property is strictly limited to any damage or loss suffered as a direct result of the negligence of Makespace or their staff.
10. Changing Membership Category and Cancellation
10.1 Subject to the minimum membership period, if at any point Members wish to change or cancel their membership, they must contact accounts@makespace.org in writing giving the appropriate length of notice.
10.2 Members may change their membership type by contacting accounts@makespace.org. Changes in membership type will become effective when processed by the office and subject to payment of any adjusted membership fee.
11. Changes to these terms and conditions
11.1 Makespace reserves the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions from time to time.
11.2 Members will be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time of their Membership renewal or registration unless any change to these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to current Members).
11.3 Members should retain a copy of the terms and conditions for future reference.
12. Membership Rules
12.1 In order to maintain a high standard of facilities within a safe environment and to ensure everyone’s enjoyment, you must read and observe the membership rules.
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: