Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Approval process for new equipment
Approval process for new tools and equipment
Is there a specific tool you’d like to use that’s not available in the space? something that you think would be beneficial to have for the whole of Makespace?
Here is the full process to bring new equipment to the space!
Proposal flowchart
New equipment proposal process Nov 2024 v1.0
Step 1 – Rally the troops!
A new equipment or tool will be brought to the space only if a certain number of people is interested in using it. Ask around – do you think the level of interest suggests a good and effective use of Makespace funds?
Having people interested is good. But who will maintain this new equipment and train other members on it? Engage with existing Owner groups to see if they will support and adopt the new equipment. If not, it will be necessary to establish a new Owners group for this new equipment.
The google group is a good way to reach a large number of members. The monthly members meeting is also a great opportunity to gather enthusiasm and collect feedback/ideas.
Each new piece of equipment needs at least 3 people ready to commit to be an owner and trainer for it. This is to ensure the equipment will be maintained consistently over time and that there will be regular training sessions available for other members.
You’ve now got a group of adventurers ready to brave the storm with you. What’s next?
Step 2 – Impact on Makespace and the members
There are multiple things to consider before actually writing a proposal for this new piece of equipment.
Will this equipment cause a significant risk to Makespace? Does it presents safety issues? Think about it. A piece of equipment that presents sakety risks for Members, Guests or the Space might be vetoed.
What is the budget for this equipment? What are the running costs (if any)? Does this equipment need consummables? Would the members pay for the consummables or would the Space provide them free of charge?
Which model do you want? Why this model and not one cheaper?
Where will you put it? Will there be any changes necessary to accomodate it?
Step 3 – Put your poposal together
For any new equipment brought to the space, a written proposal needs to be submitted for approval. Here’s what it should include :
The name of the equipment, as well as the brand and the model and any other extra options you’d like. Include feedback for members if you deem it necessayr.
The cost of the equipment, including:
the upfront cost
the consumables and if they will need to be paid for (or will they be made available to members at no extra cost)
running costs
maintenance related cost
Where will it fit in Makespace, and if there are any other changed necessary to accomodate it (installation of a filter, dust extraction, etc.)
Any additional items required to enable the safe running of the equipment
A risk assessment should be undertaken & included as part of the proposal. This should also include the assessment of the equipment e.g. if it will be green, orange or red together with the rationale for this.
Step 4 – Submit the proposal and wait…
For the Proposals Committee to validate it (or not!).
Once you have documented your proposal and confirmed there is wide support among members, you need to submit the proposal to the Proposals Committee via the owners@makespace.org email group.
If the Proposals Committee supports the purchase of the equipment, and if the board didn’t veto it on the bases of safety issues or risk to Makespace, the proposal is considered as accepted.
The new equipment can then be purchased by asking any of the board members to validate the transaction.
Step 5 – And now?
The story does not end here!
If the equipment is red, an online training with a quiz needs to be put in place, as well as a practical training mentioning all the safety related considerations.
One of the Owners will also be the Purchase for the equipment and will be provided with a means to pay for relevant items linked to the equipment. If the equipment has consummables that need to be paid for by the members, it also needs to be added to the payment station in the Kitchen.
And once everything has been done… communicate about the new equipment to the members!
Some extra help…
Previous proposals to provide an outline of what is required and the level of detail expected:
Sticker Printer Proposal
Proposal to upgrade bead-making equipment
Glass and Fine Metal station Proposal
Kiln proposal
Festool Router proposal
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: