Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Clubs
Clubs
Every week dozens and dozens of Makers are in the Space to create, invent and make new things. Some of these Makers have created weekly meetings to craft together, where beginners are welcome to join!
Want to learn something new but not quite sure where to start? Take a look what our members have to offer below
Leather Together
Every Tuesday, between 4pm and 6pm, members meet up in the Craftroom to do Leatherworking together! Even if you are a complete beginner in this field, there will always be someone willing to lend you a hand to get started.
Our amazing members will happily show you the basics and give advice on how to proceed.
We have a stock of donated leather to help you get started, and as soon as you’re feeling more confident and ready to take on your own project, we also have leather rolls you can buy from, as well as buckles, D-rings, O-rings and everything else you might need.
Here are a couple of projects that have been made recently.
Check the meetup and sign up to our next event. You can even bring a guest!
Woodworking evenings
1 / 6
Interested in trying woodworking? For a beginner, most of the tools that you will need are orange equipment!
Join the Woodworking evenings on Wednesdays!
A couple of people will be working on their own projects and will potentially be able to help you with yours.
Careful: spaces are limited because the workbenches can accommodate a maximum of 4 people. But if you just want to chat and don’t plan on using them, feel free to come along! Just hang around and bounce some ideas about a project you have in mind.
Check the meetup and sign up to our next event!
Coder Dojo
CoderDojo happens on the second Saturday of every month in the Makespace classroom, between 10am and 1pm.
This is a FREE coding club for young people, run by volunteers.
Learn coding in Scratch, Python and more! No experience is required – just bring your kids along so they can have some fun!
Make sure you bring:
A laptop, if you have one. If you are struggling to source one then we can lend you one courtesy of the wonderful people at Makespace.
A charger (for the laptop!)
 A parent! (Very important). If your child is 12 or under, a parent or guardian must stay with them during the session.
Interested? Make sure to secure your child’s place by signing up on Cambridge @ Makespace
Raspberry Pi, Arduino/Microcontrollers and CAD Club Night
Tuesday nights in the Makespace Classroom are Raspberry Pi, Arduino/Micro-controllers and CAD Club meet-ups. Come and join fellow coding and computer aided design enthusiasts for an informal evening of tinkering with tech. Help is on hand to assist you with any problems.
Bring along a project you’re working on, or join in with whatever else is going on. We typically have a regular group of Raspberry Pi and Pico experts to help you if you need it. SOLIDWORKS and FreeCAD help is also on hand.
This is a Makespace community outreach event, so non-members are welcome. Just sign up on the meet-up and ring the ‘Pi Club’ door bell which will be hanging on the Makespace outside door on the night.
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: