Equipment
Brother PR680W 6 Needle
Embroidery Machine
(Georges)
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!
The Brother PR680W is a 6 needles embroidery machine (AKA the best machine in Makespace!)
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
User Manual
Risk Assessment
What can you make using the Embroidery Machine?
Tee Shirts
Hats
Makespace Swag
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed. 
Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training
Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  craftroom-owners@makespace.org
The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.
FAQ
Which thread can I use with the embroidery machine?
What if I want to embroider thicker thread?
Do I have to pay for stabiliser and thread?
What software can I use to create my own designs?
External Resources
The Manufacturer's Website page for this machine contains detailed information about the machine and how it can be used.
The Brother Sewing Craft site is a companion site with lots of ideas and links to download the Artpira mobile app from the Apple Store or Google Play.
Member Contributed Resources
by Andy Burrows
Instructions
Using the Brother PR680W it is possible to make patches which can be ironed or sewn onto garments, bags, etc. Patches are a good option when the item you wish to apply an embroidered design to is not suitable for direct embroidery. Also patches are fun as gifts, prizes, etc.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT