Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Get involved
Meet our community
Makespace is a space managed by and for the members. Here, no cleaning service, no employees to maintain the machines: everything you see has been achieved thanks to our members volunteering their time.
While volunteering at Makespace is not an obligation, we do encourage you to get involved.
As we like to say:
“Makespace is what you make it.”
How can I get involved?
There are multiple ways you can get involved in the Space’s life. Most of them involve less than a couple of hours a month, but it’s up to you to modulate your time however you want.
Become a Trainer
Are you feeling proficient on a certain piece of equipment?
Become a Trainer!
Trainers are responsible for organising practical trainings and maintaining the equipment.
Makespace trainers are the backbone of our community: without them, new members wouldn’t be able to get trained on the equipment.
Contact the corresponding Owner teams and express your interest.
Make the Space
Roll up your sleeves and meet up with us on the last Saturday of each month, between 10am and 1pm!
No long winded discussion, no computers, just getting things done that need doing.
And the best part?
Biscuits and tea at 11:30!
Sign up for the next Make the Space
See the Space
Our “See the Space” tours are the first point of contact for all prospective Makespace members.
If you have time on Mondays evening, come and run a brief tour of the Space to show people what equipment, facilities and opportunities Makespace can offer its members!
Contact management@makespace.org to help!
The best surprise when arriving in the morning…
Make the Space agenda
Mopping the floor of the main space
1 / 6
Getting involved, it’s also…
Taking the trash out
Emptying the dishwasher
Cleaning up after yourself
Being a Buddy for someone in the workshop
Helping other members on their project
Joining us for our Members’ social at the end of the month
Participating in clubs (anyone want to try leatherworking?)
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: