Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Guidelines
Code of Conduct
Makespace aims to make available workshops, equipment, classrooms and working environments for use by members, supervised visitors, and from time to time, outreach partners. Moreover, Makespace, envisages that Members will endeavour to both learn from and share their own knowledge and expertise with other members and visitors to both their benefit and that of the Makespace community. 
At Makespace we assume that people are intelligent, well-meaning and proactive.  We further believe that to meet our aims, Makespace must be a safe and productive environment for everyone. To that end, this code of conduct outlines behaviour we support, and don’t support.
We do not condone harassment, offensive behaviour, taking unfair advantage or any activity that is potentially unsafe in Makespace. 
We invite you to help us make Makespace a place that is welcoming and respectful to all participants, regardless of race, gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, national origin, ethnicity, political affiliation, or religion. So that everyone can focus on making, networking and the richness of community that happens when we get together in person, we will not tolerate harassment or unsafe behaviour in any form—in person or online.
Examples of harassment include offensive comments, verbal threats or demands, sexualized images, objects, or references in public spaces, intimidation, stalking, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of sessions or events, and unwelcome physical contact or sexual attention. Harassment also includes slights and negative messages, both unintended and intentional, based solely on appearance or personal attributes.
Examples of unsafe behaviour include not using appropriate safety equipment, not staying current with the training for equipment you use.  Not giving due attention to activities and procedures undertaken with any equipment in Makespace by you or others. Not reading, and following, instructions posted at equipment or anywhere in Makespace, or its  website and online forums. Not being aware of your situation and of those around you while in Makespace. Not reporting, injuries, accidents or any potentially unsafe activity or situation in Makespace to the directors. 
We expect everyone in Makespace to follow the Code of Conduct during their visit and whilst representing the Makespace community. This includes social events, at off-site locations, and in related online communities and social media. Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply immediately. Members violating this Code may be asked to leave Makespace or the online forums immediately at the discretion of the Directors.
Makespace exists because of its members and community.  For everyone’s benefit, please leave Makespace and its community better than you found it. 
Please bring any concerns to the immediate attention of the Makespace administrators, or contact the directors at directors@makespace.org.  We thank our Members and visitors for your help in keeping the Makespace Community welcoming, respectful, and friendly to all.
Thanks to the folks at O’Reilly whose Codes of Conduct was a launching point for articulating our own.
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: