Equipment
Equipment and training
Get trained, make something!
How do I get trained on red equipment?
How it works
Get trained, make something!

Here you can find the online training for each piece of red equipment in Makespace, as well as manuals, checklists, and more to help you on your projects.

Contributions are encouraged. Please email owners@makespace.org with any additions or suggestions.  

How do I get trained on red equipment?
How it works
Makespace uses a combination of online instruction and a practical demonstration in order to ensure that all members have a complete understanding of the equipment and safety measures. 
For each red equipment, the steps are the same:
Step 1 - Do the online course, consisting of two parts (between 30 and 60min).
Part 1: Makespace safety induction training: this is a repetition of what you were shown in your original Makespace induction regarding safety at Makespace. Once you have reviewed the material, you will need to achieve 100% on the safety quiz. This quiz must be completed for every red equipment training.
Part 2: Equipment training: the equipment training material will train you in all of the aspects of it uses. Once you have reviewed the material, you will need to achieve 100% on the associated equipment quiz.
Step 2 - Practical demonstration (between 30 and 90 minutes depending on the equipment).
Look up on the Meetup if a practical for the equipment you want to train on has been scheduled. If nothing is available, or if the date doesn't work out for you, you can contact the trainers at training@makespace.org to ask for their availability.
During the practical demonstration, the trainer will show you how to operate the machine and answer any question you might have.
Please remember that all the trainers are doing this voluntarily and giving up their own time to help you. If you sign up to a training on meetup, please show up. If your availability change, please let the trainers know as soon as possible by leaving a comment on the meetup event.
Once you have passed the practical test, the trainers will ask you to complete a Google Form to record it. You are then qualified and can use the machine whenever you please!
Step 3 - After the test
It is strongly recommended you take time to use the equipment in the 2 weeks following the training. This will cement all that you have learned on line and give you more practical experience. The training is primarily designed to enable you to gain this practical experience safely. You will only really know how to use the equipment after you have spent sufficient time using it.
You can contact the trainers and/or refer back to the training material should you have further questions.


Issues with Makespace equipment, please report with a Trouble Ticket.    
Report to report minor injuries and safety Incidents: Injury & Incident Report    
Call 999 if needed. Phones are next to both doors. First aid kits are at the sink. 
To find information about, specific items of equipment or tools use the menu at the upper left of this page.
You must review online training and pass a quiz and a practical assessment before using RED equipment, links to the specific training for this equipment can be found on each equipment page.

Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT