Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Hosting an Event
Hosting an Event
If you want to host an event in Makespace please contact: management@makespace.org.
All guests visiting Makespace must be supervised, sign in, and wear an orange guest lanyard if they will be in the Main Space or Workshops. Only trained Makespace members are allowed to use orange and red equipment. Event organisers are responsible for providing materials and refreshments, while all visitors are responsible for cleaning up after themselves in designated areas.
Alcohol my NOT be served without the explicit permission of the Directors.
Makespace provides Public Liability insurance for normal event activities, but additional requirements apply if children or third-party organizations are involved. If you plan to take pictures, you must obtain a photo release form for any minors present.
Fire and Safety
At the beginning of any event you must inform your guests that there are no fire alarm tests scheduled, other than on Wednesday mornings. If they hear an alarm they are to leave through one of the fire exits; the door through which they entered or the door at the back of the classroom. The meeting point is Laundress Green, out the front door through the Car Park to the left. You must inform your guests that they:
are not to be in the secure workshop unsupervised
are not to use any equipment unless given permission to do so by a member
are to wear guest lanyards at all times
must take a key fob to re-enter after using the toilets.
If children are attending
Children must be escorted in the main space and to the toilets.
Children are not allowed in the secure workshop.
You should identify who amongst the members supervising has fire warden training.
In 11 years of public operations, Makespace has never had a serious injury. Let’s keep that way. Please be vigilant.
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: