Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Membership
How to join
Makespace membership costs £40/month
Makespace members have access to the space 24/7. That includes use of all the equipment for no additional fees.
You can (and are encouraged to!) use it for both personal and commercial activities.
Membership fees are used to cover the costs of operating, maintaining and improving the spaces and equipment.
Everything you see in the Space is achieved through members volunteering time to run the space, to help train each other, maintain and keep on improving it. While you aren’t required to volunteer your time when you become a member, we really encourage you to find ways you can help out – it is a rewarding thing to do, a great way to meet people and improve your skills, and is what makes the place work!
Makespace is all about the social aspect of creating. Members are encouraged to participate in the life of the space, and we hold social events monthly to help people connect.
1. See the Space
Come to our “See the Space” tour to see if Makespace might be for you.
The first requirement for becoming a member is to come on a tour of the spaces. You’ll get to see the different facilities and the equipment we have, but also learn how we operate, what to expect from membership, and the training requirements for using specific equipment. You’ll also be able to ask any questions.
Our See the Space tours are listed along with all our events on our Makespace Meetup group, and happen about once a week. Go to Meetup.com and seach for “Makespace See the Space.”
This tour is the first requirement to becoming a member.
2. Members Induction
Our “New Member Induction” sessions are listed along with all our events on our Makespace Meetup Group. Go to Meetup.com and search for “Makespace Inductions”.
How does it work?
Step 1: Attend a “See the Space tour”. This is the first requirement. At the end of that tour, your guide will give you a code that you will need to use for the next step.
Step 2: Join the waitlist on Meetup for the next “New Members Induction” using the code given to you.
Step 3: Ensure that you have your your Google email account credentials and any two factor authentication information.
Step 4: Please do this on the morning of your induction. Setup the payments.
Step 5: Bring 2 forms of ID – a Government issued photo ID and a proof of address
Step 6: Start the membership form
The induction takes about 2 hours and requires your full attention.
Please only book one of these once you have been on a tour and have decided to join.
Want to know more? Go and take a look at the induction presentation!
3. You are a Makespace Member!
Get trained on equipment, meet others, start projects, help out
Congratulations! Once you have successfully completed your Induction and had your key fob activated, you are a Fully Inducted Makespace Member and free to use Makespace facilities and equipment when you please!
Join Makespace’s google group to stay in the loop.
And after becoming a member…?
To access particular facilities or equipment, you will need to complete certain Training (as will have been outlined on your tour), to help protect you and the equipment.
Red Equipment Training
Any equipment classified as “Red” needs specific training before you are allowed to use it. This helps you to have a basic competence with equipment, and to keep you and the equipment safe. Much of the training is done online, followed by a practical to help you get familiar with the equipment, demonstrate understanding, and for the trainer to approve your use of the equipment.
For more information on the different equipment training courses, see Equipment.makespace.org
A reminder that all training is done by your fellow members; please be considerate to the time they are putting in to help you, make sure you turn up to booked sessions or say immediately if your plans change, and consider becoming a trainer in the future!
Community
Don’t miss the opportunity to connect with other members in the space – that is one of the biggest values beyond the space and equipment, and a great way to learn, teach and collaborate!
Any Questions?
Please see our Membership FAQs for more information. If you have any other questions, email us at membership@makespace.org
Membership is open to individuals over the age of 18 and is for a minimum of three months. Members must abide by the Makespace Agreement and follow the Makespace Rules.
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: