Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Member FAQs
About the Membership
Cancellation and changes
Once you are a member your subscription is renewed from month to month. If you need to change your details (e.g. card details, address, e-mail etc) you can do so here. If you want to cancel your subscription email membership@makespace.org. 30 days’ notice is required to terminate membership, and no refunds will be issued. We will generally disable your access fob after your next subscription payment would have been due.
After your minimum 3-month membership, if you are going away for a few months you may be able to “park” your membership until you return. Please contact membership (at) makespace.org if you want to do this.
Complaints and problems
If you have any concerns or complaints about the service you receive from Makespace Cambridge Limited, or about anything you have seen in the space, please e-mail management at makespace.org.
About the equipment
How do I get a box?
Boxes are on the middle shelf in the stockroom. Ask any member with access to the stockroom (mostly trainers and owners), and they will be able to open it for you.
How do I pay for the material used?
The material you use has to be paid for by card on the machine in the kitchen. The minimum payment amount is £1. For most of the material (plywood sheets, leather…), please pay before using it.
Some of the materials will need to be paid for after use. For example, the filaments for the 3D printers are paid for by weight, and you will have to weight the bobbin of filament before and after use to know how much you used.
I broke a tool. What do I do?
Hide it and act as if nothing happened.
No, just kidding. Don’t do that. Breaking stuff happens, so no worries. If anything should happen, please refer to the equipment page.
You will need to report with a trouble ticket (form accessible via the link above). If it’s urgent, please contact Management@makespace.org as well!
Remember: Makespace has CCTV.
We don’t have any embroidery thread left/there’s no more of that 3mm birch wood ply I absolutely need for this project/etc.
Please contact the Owners teams.
I’ve got a project that needs to dry for a certain amount of time. Where can I put it?
For smaller projects, there are drying racks in the mainspace, between the tables and Jaws the laser cutter.
For medium projects, you can leave them on the table in the main space, or in the classroom, as long as it’s out of the way.
For a huge project (I’m looking at the people making tables and stuff) please put them in a corner of the main room, next to the tables. As long as it’s out of the way, it shouldn’t pose a problem.
For all drying projects, please leave a note to indicate how long you think it’ll be here for and when you expect to remove it from the space.
Life at Makespace
The bell is ringing. What do I do?
Please go and check the door. It could be anything from a delivery to someone stuck outside.
Please remember to not let anyone in if you don’t know them or are not expecting them. Any person you let inside Makespace is your responsibility. If the person claims to be a member, make sure to ask for proof before letting them in.
If it’s a delivery, please refer to the answer directly below this.
A package arrived at Makespace. What should I do with it?
Please put the package either on the black shelves in the corridor (above the coat rack) or in the stockroom (if you have access to it).
The black shelves are for delivery to members.
The stockroom is for delivery to Makespace and to the Owner’s teams. If the Storeroom is open please leave packages on the middle shelf (“Goods in”), if not, outside the door is great. Make sure to not block the corridor.
If you find packages in near the main car park doors please bring them into Makespace (only if they’re adressed to Makespace, that goes without saying…)
Trashcans are full. What should I do?
Empty them! All rubbish should be in a clear and closed bin bag, and then thrown outside in the blue bins at the back of Makespace. Once it’s done, replace the bin bag with a new one. You can usually find new bin bags in a variety of places: in a cabinet under the kitchen sink, on the electronics bench, and sometimes even at the bottom of the trash can for convenience.
How many guests can I have in Makespace?
Technically… as many as you want. However, there are a few caveats: all the guests you bring in Makespace are your responsibility and may not be in the space alone. If a guest spends as much time as you do in Makespace, they may be required to become a member.
Guests can not use any equipment that requires an induction (red equipment), even if they “know how to use it”.
We also require that you do not bring more than two children per member, and to please keep an eye on them. Lots of people are working on lots of things in Makespace, and not everything is child-friendly. While everyone is trained and careful, we strive to reduce accidents as much as possible.
The “please empty me” label is on the dishwasher. What should I do?
That might come as a surprise to you, but if the label “please empty me” is on the dishwasher, we ask kindly that you unload the dishwasher and then remove said-label.
If I see one more person open the dishwasher, pick up one (1) cup for their tea/coffee/whatever, and then leave someone else to unload the dishwasher, I might actually scream. Or cry. Or both.
Everything goes on the shelf next to the coffee machine!
What if the dishwasher is done but the “please empty label” is not on it?
… Empty the dishwasher. Please.
The dishwasher is full! What do I do know?
Start the dishwasher. Dishwashing tablets are in one of the cabinet under the kitchen sink. Remember to put the label that says “please empty me when done” on the dishwasher. That label should be on the counter top just above the dishwasher.
If you’ve got something to clean, there is a sponge and dishwashing liquid next to the sink. Do not – I repeat, DO NOT – leave your dirty dishes in the sink. No one will clean them for you.
Where can I find blue roll/bin bags/that random thing that I’ve been looking for but can’t find anywhere?
If what you’re looking for isn’t in one of the kitchen cabinets, then it’s probably in the stockroom. Go and have a look! If you still can’t find what you’re looking for, then we’re out. Send an email to Makespace management and ask them to buy some more.
Sometimes, the stockroom will be open, sometimes it’ll be closed. If it’s closed, ask around: a member might be able to open it for you.
I saw someone do something dangerous and inappropriate. How do I respond?
At Makespace, snitches do not get stitches. If you wish to report unsafe working or inappropriate behaviour, please email managment@makespace.org
Can I organize an event at Makespace? How do I do it?
Yes ! Any Makespace member can host an event. Email events-club@makespace.org for help!
Also more info on this page: hosting an event.
If your question hasn’t been answered, you can contact us at management@makespace.org
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: