Equipment
Metal Lathe
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!

Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
User Manual
Risk Assessment
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Introduction
A Metal Lathe is a tool to machine metal by rotating it against a stationary cutting tool.
Makespace owns a Warco metal lathe - a powerful, solidly built machine that can achieve micrometre-level precision.
In contrast to the freehand cutting typical of a wood lathe, a Metal Lathe constrains the cutting tools. This rigidity is how it is able to cut metal with high precision.

Cleaning the Lathe
What can a Metal Lathe do?
Types of operation:
facing cuts, also known as cross-cutting
turning cylindrical bits
boring an internal hole
centre drilling to make accurate concentric features
cutting at an angle to make a taper or cone
chamfering sharp edges away
screwcutting to make threads
What can you make using a Metal Lathe?

What materials can you machine using the Metal Lathe?
The Makespace metal lathe can machine:
all ferrous (iron-based) materials except hardened steel
aluminium, brass, bronze, and copper
plastics such as Deltrin/acetal, HDPE, Nylon, Acrylic, PTFE
It CANNOT be used to machine e.g.:
glass, stone, or ceramics
hardened steel - it is too tough
fibreglass, Kevlar and carbon fibre-based composites - they produce toxic dust
rubber or similar soft materials
wood - should be turned on the dedicated Wood Lathe instead
The work pieces can be up to 65 cm long and up to 32 cm in diameter.
EXCEPTION: very thin and long material pieces (e.g. 65cm by 5mm diameter nylon) - they cannot be properly supported, which can be dangerous.
External Materials
The materials below are not specifically approved by Makespace, but they might be useful.
SELECTING SPEEDS and FEEDS - Compiled by Greenwood Tools - page provides information for Turning and Parting Off
There are thousands of good videos on YouTube, with different techniques to suit everyone's style
Blondihacks (hobbyist) has a good series of starter videos "Lathe Skills", as well as other educational materials
Joe Pi is an excellent source of information and practical advice
more channels:
ThisOldTony - hobbyist, educational and fun!
Mr Crispin - pro, educational
Clickspring - started as a hobbyist and grew
Joe Pieczynski - pro, many tutorials
Stefan Gotteswinter - precision and efficiency
Vintage Machinery - restoration, educational
Keith Fenner - pro, long detailed videos
Vintage e-book "How to Run a Lathe" by South Bend Machine Works
Machinery's Handbook no. 31 - available in the Makespace library in Cakespace
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed. 
Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training

Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  metal-shop-owners@makespace.org

The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Lastly please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT