Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Our Story
In 2011, some people had an idea: creating a community Space in central Cambridge where people from all horizons could meet and create together.
In 2012, Makespace was born!
What is Makespace?
Now almost 550 members strong, with thousands of Alumni, Makespace is to be a meeting place where people can inspire and be inspired. Our ever-evolving workshop hosts all kind of equipment, from 3D printer to laser cutter to wood oriented machinery and a dedicated craftroom for sewing and leatherworking. Browse our equipment website!
Our members pay a £40 membership fee that gives them access to our 4000sq ft workshop 24/7, 365 days a year.
All the equipment is free to use, and we work on a first-come first-served basis. Makespace keeps a stock of consumables that can be bought on-site, ranging from plywood and acrylic sheets to filaments for 3D printing.
Makespace is what you make it
Makespace is run for and by the members. Here, no paid employees: everything that you see in the Space has been achieved thanks to people volunteering their time and their expertise.
The only way Makespace was able to grow so much in the last 13 years is thanks to our members volunteering their time.
Find out how you can play a part!
A community of Makers
Above all, Makespace is a community. We strive to provide a safe place for people from different horizons, somewhere you can learn and create freely. We welcome people from all origins, religions and sexual orientations.
Once a month we have a Members’ social to help the newcomers meet people, with free pizza and drinks. Some members even run clubs!
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: