Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Rules of Makespace
Rules
In order to maintain a high standard of facilities within a safe environment and to ensure everyone’s enjoyment, please read and observe the following membership rules.
Makespace is a workshop, and this should help you understand the nature of the space and the risks within it. The space is always being improved which means that some areas of the space may be under development or incomplete or may have unusual or new equipment in them. Things may have changed since you last visited the space.
It is the responsibility of all Members to provide a safe environment for each other and visitors. If you see anything that looks unsafe or in any way doesn’t look right please notify a Director or email management@makespace.org and if possible tell others in the space to stop/avoid the hazard as appropriate.
Makespace is at times being improved with new equipment and facilities. The environment and facilities may change day to day as new areas are developed and new equipment brought in. This means that the risks in the space may change.
You must read the Member’s Health and Safety Briefing and abide by the instructions in it (and in any linked documents, such as the risk assessments), and if there is anything you do not fully understand about the Briefing, please contact management@makespace.org. Updates to the briefing will be posted online and notified to the Cambridge Makespace Google Group and Member’s email list.
1. General
Please use the equipment safely and ensure that your behaviour in the workshops does not constitute a security or safety hazard to yourself or others in the workshop.
Check your workspace and environment before you start any activity – ensure it’s tidy/ organised, that you have the right equipment and it’s fit for purpose, that the area is suitably clean, that others around you are aware of what you are about to do if they need to be (for instance if you might generate dust or noise).
Please report any issues with equipment on the Google Group as soon as possible, and if there are any safety or security concerns to management@makespace.org as well.
Keep your personal belongings with you at all times. We recommend you do not bring any belongings of value to the facilities.
If any personal property is found, please place it on the Shelf marked “lost and found”. If it looks valuable, notify management@makespace.org Any property that is not claimed within 28 days may be donated to a charitable cause.
If you are the last Member to leave a room, please ensure that you turn off the lights and any other power sockets, unless directed otherwise.
Smoking is not permitted in Makespace.
Keep fire escape routes and exit doors clear at all times. If you find an escape route obstructed, please get it cleared as quickly as possible and feel free to recruit any other members to help you. Ensure the path down the central workshop to the doors at either end is kept clear.
No more than 120 people should be in the space at any one time.
Follow the Makespace community guidelines around respecting other individuals – this applies to both adults and children.
No bullying, aggressive behaviour, racism, sectarianism, or sexism
In case of emergency please dial 999. There is a landline telephone in the Main Space, near the electronics bench and a second handset next to the back door.
2. Working safely
Before starting any activity or using some kit, you must read the relevant risk assessment(s)
which are made available to you (spreadsheet here). If there is anything you don’t understand you must ask a director to help.
Some activities are riskier than just being in the space, such as using certain bits of kit or working at height on a ladder. Don’t attempt to do any of these without checking the appropriate health and safety briefing and following any directions posted in the space or given by a director or other member. If in doubt, or if you don’t understand any instructions or guidance, or you do not feel confident, do not attempt the activity.
Remember that risks may apply to others in the space and not just yourself.
Also note that activities which may be OK when it’s just Members in the space may not be OK if members of the public are also present.
Lone working
It is Ok for Members to work alone in the space but they must avoid activities which are more risky such as using power tools (unless an appropriate risk assessment has been done and lone working is acceptable in that assessment), or working at height. If you aren’t sure about an activity, don’t undertake it when alone.
3. Fire safety
Actions to take if you detect a fire
Operate the alarm system by using any of the alarm points
Operate the emergency power cut-off to the workshop (the “mushroom” buttons on the walls)
Shout “Fire!” to emphasize that it is not a false alarm
If the fire is a small one, and a fire extinguisher suitable for that kind of fire is available, you may attempt to extinguish the fire, following the instructions printed on the fire extinguisher. However, take care not to endanger yourself or others in doing so.
Exit the building by the nearest available exit and go to the assembly point (Laundress Green). Make sure to let people that might not have heard you that the building needs to be evacuated.
At the first opportunity, report details of the fire to the Directors.
Please use one of the Break Glass units around the space to set off the fire alarm if it is safe to do so and exit the building. Follow any instructions given by an Exec Member.
Actions to take if you hear the fire alarm
The fire alarm is a continuous ringing.
Alert anyone who may not have heard the alarm (for example, anyone who is deaf or wearing headphones).
Leave the building by one of the fire exits. This will normally be the nearest exit, unless there are signs of a fire along that route (for example smoke, visible flames, or a door being hot to the touch).
If not prevented from doing so by an actual fire or indications of fire in that direction, two people in the main space should attempt to leave via the kitchen and social area (which lead to a fire exit) ensuring that they are evacuating the people they encounter in those spaced(thus taking on the role of fire marshalls).
If not prevented from doing so by an actual fire or indications of fire in that direction, people (working in pairs if possible) should check the other downstairs rooms as they leave, for people who have not heard the alarm. This should normally be done by person nearest that room at the time of hearing the alarm.
Assist anyone who has difficulty in leaving.
Gather at the rendezvous point outside the main front door.
Those gathered outside should check that people they have recently seen in the premises are accounted for.
Fire exits
From the main space, out of the back door and then up to the right through the courtyard
From the secure workshop, into the main workshop and then as above
From the mezzanines, out the door into the shared corridor, then left and out of the fire exit at the end of the corridor
From the office, along the Makespace corridor, to the right, and then out of the main entrance, then left through the car park
The assembly point is Laundress Green, just the other side of the river. Go out of Makespace onto Mill Lane, turn right, go through the gate at the turn in the road and assemble on the grass the other side of the river.
Please familiarise yourself with all fire exits.
The assembly point is Laundress Green, just the other side of the river. Go out of Makespace onto Mill Lane, turn right, go through the gate at the turn in the road and assemble on the grass the other side of the river.
4. First aid
A first aid box is available in the Main Space. Please report all incidents to any Exec Member or Director or First-aider in the space (if present) and always to management@makespace.org as soon as you can.
If a person is injured or ill and requires emergency medical attention, call 999.
5. Electrical safety
Please visually inspect all equipment including cables and power supplies before use, and do not use anything that looks unsafe (exposed wires, scorch marks, etc). If something is defective or you believe it may be defective, label it clearly and inform others. Ideally, get it moved into the Office where it will not be used inadvertently.
If in doubt get someone else to check the equipment.
Check cables are not trip hazards and are not at risk from specific activities such as hot work (soldering) or cutting.
Electrical equipment must always be operated in accordance with manufacturers’ instructions.
Turn off and unplug all tools when you finish using them and especially before leaving.
If you are building equipment which will connect to the mains, only use off-the-shelf power supplies according to the manufacturers instructions. If you wish to connect your own projects direct to the mains, please consult an Exec member first for advice; this may not always be allowed.
6. Hazardous materials
If you are thinking of bringing a material into Makespace, either to use or to store, you should follow these instructions.
A range of materials may be hazardous to health including possibly 3D printer filaments, cleaning substances, adhesives, etc. These may present a risk to anyone in the space if materials not stored and used appropriately.
If the material container is marked with any substance warnings such as an orange symbol, or contains any safety label implying that a hazard is present, then an MSDS is required. If in doubt about whether a material needs an MSDS sheet see MSDS.com or other appropriate reference information before bringing the material into the space.
For each material brought into the space for which such a sheet is required, the relevant MSDS must be found, printed out, and stored in the MSDS sheets storage location in the Office (or put in the Office dropbox folder). All instructions on material usage and storage on the sheet must be followed. Talk to an Exec Member if you are not sure what to do.
Don’t bring a material which you are unsure about into Makespace without checking first. If unusual safety or storage requirements are needed you should check with makespace in advance whether or not the material can be safely handled on the premises, and if not, don’t bring it in.
It is great to bring things to Makespace but think first:
Think about the Personal Storage Policy and Storage guidelines if you are going to leave it here
Check the Hazardous Materials rules first – if unsure, don’t bring something in
Check the Donations Policy if you don’t plan on taking it away again
Follow the Electrical Safety checklist and don’t use the equipment if it doesn’t pass the checks
7. Workshops
In the interest of safety, no person under 18 years is admitted to the workshops, classes or events without supervision of a Member or responsible adult Guest.
All equipment has been designed and tested to be safe with correct use. Please ensure for your own safety that you receive full instruction before commencing your use.
Equipment should be returned to its storage location or left ready for the next Member or Guest’s use and turned off at the power, unless otherwise directed.
At peak times, Makespace reserves the right to limit use of particular equipment or the facilities, at their sole discretion.
Members must clear away all personal belongings and property after use of equipment and bench or desk space.
The Directors of Makespace and Trusted Members will be available for assistance with problems connected with the equipment, supplies of Stock and membership enquiries. They will not be available to assist Members with their individual projects.
8. Smoking and Alcohol
Smoking is not permitted within the facilities.
Alcohol is not permitted to be brought into the facilities, except by prior arrangement with the Directors.
Members are strictly prohibited from operating any equipment whilst under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance.
9. Changes to these Membership Rules
Makespace reserves the right to revise and amend these Membership Rules from time to time.
10. Internet access
Makespace has internet access. Users of the internet, via Wifi or Ethernet provided in the space, must abide by the Wifi Policy.
11. Office
The Office is off-limits except for Directors and other personally authorised Trusted Members of Makespace. This is because it potentially contains sensitive information (such as membership records), important paperwork, the access control computer, and hazardous, broken or untested equipment. If in doubt, DO NOT enter the Office.
11. Access tokens and getting in and out of Makespace
Your access token lets you enter Makespace. Do not lend it to anyone or give it away – it is not transferrable to other people. If you lose your token inform management@makespace.org as soon as possible. Do not let others follow you in if you’ve opened Makespace with your token – they need to swipe in too if they are a Member, and if they are not a Member, they are not allowed in (except to public events arranged with the knowledge of the Directors, or if you are personally escorting them as your Guest).
Generally, you need to swipe out at the internal front door of Makespace – this helps us understand how many people are using Makespace and when. DO NOT use the green break-glass unit to exit – this leaves the door open and unlocked!
You should carry your access token when in makespace. You’ll need it to answer the front door if the doorbell rings, and to get in from the shared toilet block.
12. Telephone
The telephone in Makespace is for Makespace admin and emergency use only. Don’t use it for your personal calls.
If the phone rings and you answer it, please take a message and (if it’s not spam!) mail management@makespace.org with the info.
13. Take care of the space!
It is important to keep space and activity areas tidy.
Please keep an eye out for rubbish. If you see rubbish on the floor please pick it up and dispose of it.
Separate regular rubbish from card, glass bottles, drinks cans, plastic bottles (actual recyclables list is shown on bins out the back door). Put rubbish out in appropriate bins (regular rubbish in bins behind black gates; recyclables in marked bins in the courtyard outside the back door). If the bins are full don’t pile rubbish outside, leave it neatly in the space (bins are emptied every 2 days).
There are recycling bins in the café area for paper, card, glass bottles, tins and cans, and plastic bottles. Please use these where possible, or the general grey waste bins throughout the space if not.
If you find a bin which is full or overflowing, please empty it! The large bins out of the back door of the main workshop are marked for recycling or general waste. Make sure the back door doesn’t close behind you, shutting you out.
And if you are the last one out…
If you are the last person leaving Makespace, first of all check that you really are! There might be someone in the toilet block or another room.
Then:
turn off all the lights
ensure the back door from the workshop to the outdoors is closed fully
ensure the toilet-access-doors are closed, and the toilet-access-token is INSIDE Makespace (in the cafe area, or put away in the Office)
make sure all doors marked “fire doors” are closed
ensure all workshop kit is turned off and ideally unplugged.
Make sure the front door closes fully behind you.
14. Child protection
Makespace takes its responsibility to protect children and vulnerable adults very seriously.
The following precautions are important to protect children and vulnerable adults from harm and to protect you from any accusations arising from misunderstanding or malice.
Physical contact with children and vulnerable adults should be avoided
Never take a child or vulnerable adult to the toilet or any other place where you cannot clearly be observed by others
Do not engage in a personal relationship with any child or vulnerable adult
Do not make suggestive or inappropriate remarks to or about a child or vulnerable adult, even in fun, as this could be misinterpreted
If you are approached by any individual alleging any kind of abuse or inappropriate behaviour against a Makespace member or volunteer or contractor or anyone else:
It is important to listen without making or implying any judgement as to the truth of what is being said
Do not attempt to investigate allegations or other suspicions yourself. Report to a director immediately.
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: