Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
Training
Training at Makespace
Training requirements are grouped by risk of injury to the person using the equipment and others in Makespace. The are three categories : Green, Orange and Red. 
GREEN Low risk of personal injury No formal safety training offered.
ORANGE Low to moderate risk of personal injury Training optional, but you must feel confident in the use of the device and must have read the related wiki page and equipment instructions.
RED High risk of personal injury or moderate or higher risk of damage to equipment from untrained use NOT TO BE USED unless you have passed the induction training for this equipment.
You can start your training on Red equipment here.  
How it works
Makespace uses a combination of online instruction and a practical demonstration in order to ensure that all members have a complete understanding of the equipment and safety measures. 
For each red equipment, the steps are the same:
Step 1 – Do the online course, consisting of two parts (between 30 and 60min).
Part 1: Makespace safety induction training: this is a repetition of what you were shown in your original Makespace induction regarding safety at Makespace. Once you have reviewed the material, you will need to achieve 100% on the safety quiz. This quiz must be completed for every red equipment training.
Part 2: Equipment training: the equipment training material will train you in all of the aspects of it uses. Once you have reviewed the material, you will need to achieve 100% on the associated equipment quiz.
Step 2 – Practical demonstration (between 30 and 90 minutes depending on the equipment).
Look up on the Meetup if a practical for the equipment you want to train on has been scheduled. If nothing is available, or if the date doesn’t work out for you, you can contact the trainers at training@makespace.org to ask for their availability.
During the practical demonstration, the trainer will show you how to operate the machine and answer any question you might have.
Please remember that all the trainers are doing this voluntarily and giving up their own time to help you. If you sign up to a training on meetup, please show up. If your availability change, please let the trainers know as soon as possible by leaving a comment on the meetup event.
Once you have passed the practical test, the trainers will ask you to complete a Google Form to record it. You are then qualified and can use the machine whenever you please!
Step 3 – After the test
It is strongly recommended you take time to use the equipment in the 2 weeks following the training. This will cement all that you have learned on line and give you more practical experience. The training is primarily designed to enable you to gain this practical experience safely. You will only really know how to use the equipment after you have spent sufficient time using it.
You can contact the trainers and/or refer back to the training material should you have further questions.
Click here to start your training
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: