Skip to content
Makespace
Our Story
Join us
What’s On
Resources
Policies, Rules and Agreements
Contact Us
WiFi Policy
Makespace Cambridge internet acceptable use policy
The Makespace wi-fi and ethernet networks are a resource which are available to members at Makespace. Henceforth the services of both wired and wireless network access is described as “Makespace Wifi”. Our objectives for operating and managing the wi-fi network are to provide high quality, reliable service to our members; respect the privacy of our members; protect the security and integrity of our network and related systems; encourage responsible use of our network comply with applicable laws. Because the wi-fi is shared by many members, achievement of our objectives requires appropriate use by each member.
Examples of prohibited uses of the Makespace Wifi are described below. The examples are guidelines and are not intended to be exhaustive.
Illegal/ Criminal Activity
The Makespace Wifi may not be used in connection with criminal or civil violations of laws, regulations, or other government requirements of any jurisdiction. Such violations include theft or infringement of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other intellectual property, export control violations, fraud, forgery, pyramid or other prohibited business schemes; and theft, misappropriation, or unauthorised transmission or storage of funds, credit card information, personal information, or online services.
Security Violations
The Makespace Wifi may not be used to violate the security of a network, service or other system. Examples of security include hacking, cracking into, monitoring, or using systems without authorisation; scanning ports; conducting denial of service attacks; distributing viruses or other harmful software; smurf attacks; and unauthorised alteration or destruction of websites or other information.
Threats
The Makespace Wifi may not be used to transmit or store material of a threatening nature, including threats of death or physical harm, harassment, libel, and defamation.
Offensive materials
The Makespace Wifi may not be used to transmit or receive material of an offensive nature, including obscene, pornographic, indecent, abusive and harmful materials, or to transmit to recipients material which is inappropriate for them, including obscene or offensive materials to children.
Spam
The Makespace Wifi may not be used to spam. Spam includes any of the following activities:
Sending any unsolicited email that could be expected, in our judgement, to provoke complaints.
Sending email that does not accurately identify the sender, the sender’s return address, and the email address of origin.
Sending unsolicited email without identifying in the email a clear and easy means to be excluded from receiving additional email from the originator of the email.
Collecting the responses of unsolicited email.
Posting messages to an online forum or newsgroup that violate the rules of the forum or newsgroup.
Other
The Makespace Wifi may not be used in a manner that damages Makespace’s reputation or goodwill or interferes with another’s use of the Makespace Wifi or other appropriate use of Makespace.
Resale
The resale of the Wifi network service is not permitted.
What happens if you break this policy
If you break this policy we may ask you to stop or terminate your access to the Makespace Wifi. We prefer to notify you so you can take action.
In some cases, breaking the Wifi acceptable use policy may be grounds for your Makespace membership to be terminated at the discretion of the board of directors of Makespace Cambridge Limited as per the Membership Agreement.
What to do if you think someone is breaking this policy
If you observe someone breaking this policy you should notify ‘management <at> makespace.org’
Share this:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Contact Us
Membership queries: membership@makespace.org
Other queries: management@makespace.org
Phone: +44 01223 324379
Note that Makespace has no full-time staff. If you do phone and someone answers, it could be any of our several hundred members.
Opening hours
Public hours: Makespace is open 24/7, 365 days a year
Visit us: Go to Meetup and search the next "See the Space" event
How to get here
Address: 16 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB2 1RX, UK
Important: There is no car park available on site. Closest car park is at the Arcade. Makespace has bike racks at the front and the back of the Space.
Copyright © 2025 Makespace. All rights reserved. Theme Spacious by ThemeGrill. Powered by: