Equipment
Plunge Saw
Makita - Festool TS75
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
User Manual
Risk Assessment
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Introduction
The TS75 is
A Circular Saw: it has a circular blade
A Track Saw: it can run along a track to make an accurate cut along a line
A Plunge Saw: the blade retracts, and can be plunged down in the middle of the material to be cut
Usually the term Plunge Saw also implies a track
What can you make using a Plunge Saw?
Breaking Down Large Sheets
Rip Cuts (Along the Grain)
Cross Cuts
Bevel Cuts
What materials can you cut?
The Plunge Saw should be used only with wood or MDF.

Other materials, including metal, CANNOT be cut.
How can it be used?
Like any circular saw, the Plunge Saw can be used for rough cuts, however it is also capable of accurate and neat cuts both along and across the grain.
Although the plunge saw can make bevel cuts at angles up to 45°, you may find the Mitre Saw or Band Saw is more accurate on small workpieces.
The TS75 can cut bevels at angles from 0° to 45°.
At 0° the maximum depth of cut is 75mm, at 45° the maximum depth of cut is 56mm.
What other tools/equipment can be used instead?
Mitre Saw
Crosscuts, mitres and bevel cuts across thin strip material (up to around 300mm wide) are usually quicker, safer and more accurate on the mitre saw
Band Saw
Bevel cuts on medium-sized material (up to around 500mm wide and 1200mm long) are usually quicker, safer and more accurate on the band saw
Hand Saw
For making a few, light cuts, a hand saw can often be faster than setting up + fully packing away the plunge saw
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed. 
Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training

Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  woodshop-owners@makespace.org

The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT