Equipment
Drill Press Jig
ORANGE EQUIPMENT
Members only may use this equipment on the drill press. 
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
No Training is required to use this equipment 
Drill Press Jig Instructions 
The drill press jig is for positioning and holding work while it is being drilled.   The jig had two key features.  The first is a fence with stops against which the work piece can be places with support on two sides.   The second feature is rails on the other three sides which accommodate several types of clamps.
 NOTE: This is an ongoing development project.  Please suggest, or make, improvements.   Please post to the Woodshop Club your ideas.
  Fits on the Existing drill plate
The jig is sits on a plywood hoder which sits on the drill press plate.  Its fuction is to posistion and hold the the jig firmly with respect to the drill.  
Can be removed easily  
To remove the jig holder lift it.  It is a friction fit. The holder has two positioning pieces which extend into slots on the drill press plate.   The holder can be removed or replaced by moving vertically. 

The jig sits ontop of the holder
When the holder is in place the jig fit over the raised portion of the holde.  The vertical fitting on top of the jig should be at the back, next to the piller. 
The jig is can be postioned on the holder  
 The vertical fitting on top of the jig should be at the back, next to the pillar. The jig can be to positioned near the piler for a drill position more central.
Slide forward to posistion the dill closser to the fence
The work piece can be postioned against the fence 
Stops can be fitted to the fence to position the work piece left or right. 
Multiple stops and clamps can be fitted
The work can be held on multiple sides using stops fitted to the fence and a back fence held by finger tight screws in the side rails.  
Adjust the depth of the drill  
Use the vertical stops on the drill to stop the drill from over penetrating the jig base. 
The intention is to fit a sacraficial insert which can be replaced. 
Clamping to the drill press base
If extra stability is required the jig can be clampted to the metal drill press base from the underside of the jig rails. 
Fitting the clamps
The screws fit in the rails on the top and bottom of the rails and at the face of the fence.  The clamp is tightened with eithers screw heads, wing nuts or threaded knobs.  Each rail has one open end. Note parallel rails open on opposite sides of the jig.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT