Equipment
Hand Router
Festool OF1010
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
User Manual
Risk Assessment
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Introduction
A hand router is one of the most versatile tools in woodworking. 
It can be used to 
create all kinds of edge profiles
make grooves and slots 
cut dovetails
make mortices for mortice and tenon joints
trim laminates to size
copy a shape by following a pattern
thickness uneven wood.

What can you make using a Hand Router?
Round overs and chamfers
Patterns from a template
Mortices
Pockets using a template
Stopped Grooves
Circles
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed. 

Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training

Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  woodshop-owners@makespace.org
The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT