Equipment
Domino Joiner
Festool DF500
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
User Manual
Risk Assessment
Introduction
The Festool DF500 is a machine for cutting mortices for loose tenon joints.
A loose tenon joint is similar to a mortice and tenon joint, except both work pieces have a mortice and a separate loose tenon joins the two pieces.
At Makespace we have a DF500 with 4, 5, 6, 8, and 10mm cutters.
Festool makes pre-cut tenons, referred to as Dominos, which are available for purchase from Makespace.


What can you make using a Domino Joiner?
Mitre Joint
Rail to Post Joint
Edge to Edge Joint
What material can you cut using the Domino Joiner?
The Domino Joiner should be used only with wood or MDF.
Other materials, including metal, CANNOT be cut.
When to use a Domino Joiner
The DF500 is a machine for quickly and accurately cutting mortices for loose tenon joints.
You can use the Domino Joiner to create Rail to Post, End to End, Edge to Edge, Edge to Face and Mitre Joints.
Domino joints can be load bearing or structural joints, multiple Dominos can be cut for a single joint for extra strength.
Dominos can also be used for alignment, even in cases where a tenon is not really required for strength, such as a table top glue up.
How Good is a Domino Joint
Despite the name, Loose Tenon Joints are every bit a strong as a Mortice and Tenon.
As long as you have a good long grain to long grain surface bond, either between the joined components or between the Domino and the mortice, you should achieve a strong joint.
Mortice & Tenon joints and a Domino joints are both strongest in the axis perpendicular to the tenon.
Domino joints can be cut in places where a Mortice and Tenon would be impractical such as the corner of a cabinet formed from MDF or Ply.
Dominos are useful for alignment e.g. to locate the end of a leg to a table top.
Domino joints can be cut very quickly and accurately, with little marking up which makes them very efficient to use.
What other tools/equipment can be used instead?
Mortice and Tenon Joints can be cut with a chisel, saw and shoulder plane.
Decorative effects such as Dovetails can be cut by hand.
Mortices can be cut with a Router using a jig.
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed. 
Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training

Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  woodshop-owners@makespace.org

The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Lastly please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.
External Materials
The materials below are not specifically approved by Makespace, but may be useful.
Festool supplemental user’s manual
Festool Demonstration Video (10½ minutes)
New Brit Workshop Video (38 minutes)
This video is 38 minutes long, but covers everything you need to know to cut right angle joint types.
Demonstration for a corner joint begins at time 11:51
Demonstration of an end to face joint begins at time 23:26. 

Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT