Equipment
Woodworking Handtools Cabinet
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
Risk Assessment
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Introduction
Woodworking hand tools can be used for marking, measuring, cutting, carving or planing/flatenning solid timber. 
These traditional tools have for the most part been used for woodworking for centuries before power tools became popular in the mid 20th century
They can be used on their own or in combination with power tools 
You should consider using them when:
you want the joy of producing something completely by hand;
you want lower levels of noise, dust and risk to yourself and others;
a cut cannot be made safely using a power tool/machinery;
flattening boards before passing them through the thicknesser;
When cutting/finessing joinery;
In may other situations…too many to cover on this course 
What can you make using the hand tools?
Tea box in English Cherry, panga panga and ebony wood
Bedside table in English Ash and English Oak 
Makespace handtool cabinet. Made with the tools within
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed. 
Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training

Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  woodshop-owners@makespace.org
This presentation describes what you can expect at the practical assessment.
The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT