Equipment
Planer/Thicknesser Combination Machine
Hammer A3-31
This is a red equipment.
Want to get trained on this machine ? Follow the instructions on this page!
Key Information
Trouble Ticket
Report any issues here. 
Injury Report
Report minor injuries here.
Call 999 if needed.
Phones are next to both doors.
First aid kit is at the sink.
User Manual
Risk Assessment
Step 1: study the equipment training material
Introduction
A planer thicknesser is a combination machine combining the functionalities of a surface planer (known as a jointer-planer in the US) and a thicknesser (known as a planer in the US). 

A planner is a machine designed to produce a flat surface along a board's length. It can also be used to operate on the narrow edge of boards, preparing them for glueing into wider panels.
A thicknesser is a woodworking machine to trim boards to a consistent thickness throughout their length. This machine transcribes the desired thickness using the downside as a reference/index. So, to produce a completely straight planed board requires that the down surface is straight before planing. 
Therefore by obtaining the first 2 flat sides that are perfectly perpendicular to each other using the planer and then thickness them to a consistent thickness throughout using the thicknesser. This results in a timber piece that is square to each other on all 4 sides and is often the first step performed when working with solid timber. 
Step 2: Take the equipment quiz - you must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Equipment Quiz
Step 3: review the Makespace safety training

Step 4: Take the Makespace safety quiz. You must score 100% to proceed.
Click to Start the Makespace Safety Quiz
Step 5: Sign up for a practical assessment
Check the Makespace Meetup Group for a practical assessment session. If there is no practical scheduled there, please email:  woodshop-owners@makespace.org
This presentation describes what you can expect at the practical assessment. 
The trainer will demonstrate how to properly and safely use the machine, as well as answer any questions you may have.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.
Please keep in mind that all the trainers at Makespace are volunteers. They, like all Makespace members, give their time to continually improve our community. Do not hesitate to ask for training, or indeed any questions, but please be patient as they make time in their schedules to run the practical assessments.

Please contact Makespace Management or the owners for any info.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT